{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;
}
\vieww25140\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 BEGIN\
\
    DEFINE STRUCT \cf2 items\cf0 \
        DECLARE CHAR \cf2 name\cf0 [21]\
        DECLARE CHAR \cf2 date\cf0 [11]\
        DECLARE INT \cf2 quant\cf0 \
        DECLARE DOUBLE \cf2 whole\cf0 \
        DECLARE DOUBLE \cf2 retail\cf0 \
    END STRUCT\
\
    FUNCTION ClearInput()\
        CLEAR INPUT BUFFER\
    END FUNCTION\
\
    FUNCTION \cf3 changeRecords\cf0 (FILE \cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 , STRING \cf2 filename\cf0 )\
        DECLARE VECTOR \cf2 inventory\cf0  (CONTAINER FOR items)\
        DECLARE items temp\
\
        OPEN FILE \cf2 filename\cf0  FOR READING AS \cf2 inFile\cf0 \
        IF FILE CANNOT BE OPENED\
            PRINT "Error opening file for reading!"\
            RETURN\
        END IF\
\
        WHILE DATA EXISTS IN FILE\
            READ temp.\cf2 name\cf0 , temp.\cf2 date\cf0 , temp.\cf2 quant\cf0 , temp.\cf2 whole\cf0 , temp.\cf2 retail\cf0 \
            APPEND \cf2 temp\cf0  TO \cf2 inventory\cf0 \
        END WHILE\
        CLOSE FILE \cf2 inFile\cf0 \
\
        PRINT "Select an item number to modify (0 to SIZE OF \cf2 inventory\cf0  - 1):"\
        INPUT \cf2 index\cf0 \
\
        IF \cf2 index\cf0  IS INVALID\
            PRINT "Invalid index. Exiting..."\
            RETURN\
        END IF\
\
        PRINT "Editing item:", \cf2 inventory\cf0 [\cf2 index\cf0 ].\cf2 name\cf0 \
        PRINT "Enter new quantity:"\
        INPUT  \cf4 inventory\cf0 [\cf4 index\cf0 ].\cf2 quant\cf0 \
\
        PRINT "Enter new wholesale cost:"\
        INPUT  \cf4 inventory\cf0 [\cf4 index\cf0 ].\cf2 whole\cf0 \
\
        PRINT "Enter new retail cost:"\
        INPUT  \cf4 inventory\cf0 [\cf4 index\cf0 ].\cf2 retail\cf0 \
\
        OPEN FILE \cf2 filename\cf0  FOR WRITING (OVERWRITE CONTENTS)\
        IF FILE CANNOT BE OPENED\
            PRINT "Error opening file for writing!"\
            RETURN\
        END IF\
\
        FOR EACH item IN inventory\
            WRITE item.\cf2 name\cf0 , item.\cf2 date\cf0 , item.\cf2 quant\cf0 , item.\cf2 whole\cf0 , item.\cf2 retail\cf0  TO FILE\
        END FOR\
\
        CLOSE FILE \cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 \
        PRINT "Record updated successfully!"\
    END FUNCTION\
\
    // MAIN PROGRAM\
    BEGIN MAIN\
\
        DECLARE items invent\
        DECLARE FILE \cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 \
        DECLARE INT \cf2 ans\cf0 \
        DECLARE INT \cf2 count\cf0 \
        DECLARE STRING \cf2 filename\cf0  = "inventory_1.txt"\
\
        PRINT "Opening file..."\
        OPEN FILE \cf2 filename\cf0  FOR WRITING AS \cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 \
        IF FILE CANNOT BE OPENED\
            PRINT "Error opening file!"\
            EXIT PROGRAM\
        END IF\
\
        FOR \cf2 count\cf0  FROM 0 TO 3\
            PRINT "Please input the item's name:"\
            INPUT invent.\cf2 name\cf0 \
\
            PRINT "Please input the date received (YYYY-MM-DD format):"\
            INPUT invent.\cf2 date\cf0 \
\
            PRINT "Please input quantity:"\
            INPUT invent.\cf2 quant\cf0 \
\
            PRINT "Please input the wholesale cost:"\
            INPUT invent.\cf2 whole\cf0 \
\
            PRINT "Please input the retail cost:"\
            INPUT invent.\cf2 retail\cf0 \
\
            WRITE invent DATA TO FILE\
            PRINT "Done writing item", \cf2 count\cf0  + 1, "/4 to the inventory file."\
\
            CALL FUNCTION ClearInput()\
        END FOR\
\
        PRINT "You have filled out the required inventory."\
        PRINT "Now closing the file."\
        CLOSE FILE \cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 \
\
        PRINT "Here is your inventory:"\
        DECLARE STRING \cf2 myText\cf0 \
\
        OPEN FILE \cf2 filename\cf0  FOR READING AS \cf2 MyReadFile\cf0 \
        WHILE LINE EXISTS IN \cf2 MyReadFile\cf0 \
            READ LINE INTO \cf2 myText\cf0 \
            PRINT \cf2 myText\cf0 \
        END WHILE\
        CLOSE FILE \cf2 MyReadFile\cf0 \
\
        PRINT "Do you want to change records or quit program? [1] for 'Yes' or [0] for 'No':"\
        INPUT \cf2 ans\cf0 \
\
        IF \cf2 ans\cf0  == 1\
            CALL FUNCTION changeRecords(\cf2 MyWriteFile\cf0 , \cf2 filename\cf0 )\
            PRINT "This works!"\
        ELSE\
            PRINT "Goodbye!"\
            PRINT "Terminating program..."\
        END IF\
\
    END MAIN\
END}